Welp, I come back to this project one or two months later,
and I'm itching for a full rewrite. I updated wails, and
something broke. Actually, it's my code that it's broke,
updating wails has nothing to do with it. But looking
at the shitty mess in this project is in, I rather
not work on it again. The lag is also very noticeable,
especially after working on ebiten where it's all
buttery smooth faster. Wails tooling is also complex and slow.
I'd rather start over than continue working on this.

But I wouldn't say this project is an abject failure.
More precisely, it was an exploration project, 
where the effort was focused more on the journey than
the destination, where the destination is not a fixed
point, but a moving target. 

Then the target stopped moving, it's now standing still.
It's clear now what must be done, what steps to take
towards a direct path.
The project is done, as the destination is now chartered.
The second voyage calls for another project. 

The first project expectedly took longer, as I wasn't
sure what I was doing. Lots of missteps and lots 
of rewriting, and self-loathing.

My point is: a full rewrite is a must, but it's also
should be shorter and easier the second time around.

----

here's my disordered notes and ideas
- I don't really need a good looking UI,
  fuck the animations and icons and shit

- use a toml for the card files,
  letting the user fully customize the card
  contents is nice, but not really all that useful
  and just makes thing way harder to implement

- since markdown will no be longer used, I also
  don't need file watchers. If some files are moved,
  just inform the user of missing files, don't copy files automatically
  
- cut down features and UIs, let the user manually edit 
  files config and data files

- if I'm going to use ebiten, I should confirm first if
  it can play audios and render unicode fine

- use a keyboard-driven UI, but do use buttons too,
  just design a dumb simple UI that forgoes the need
  for complex UI components
  - use https://code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/messeji for text input
  
